[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to "Beyond Belief."
Debbi Dachinger with us, a
certified shamanic energy
healer, UFO journalist,
and award-winning host
of the incredible
podcast "Dare to Dream."
That's fascinating, by the way.
How you been, Dab?
>>DEBBI DACHINGER:
Oh, so good, so good.
And it's such a pleasure to be
with you for this conversation.
>>GEORGE: You look wonderful.
What a great outfit.
>>DACHINGER: Oh,
thank you so much.
Anything for you, George.
>>NOORY: Very colorful.
>>DACHINGER: [CHUCKLES]
>>NOORY: How did you get
involved in this genre?
>>DACHINGER: Yeah, very
surprising my whole inception
into this because I've always
been a very open-minded skeptic.
Very spiritual all my life--
>>NOORY: Really?
>>DACHINGER: Yes.
But there were certain things
I was a bit of an eye roller
about, specifically, UFOs
and things like that.
And I had enormous
turn of events
in my life that have
led me here today.
It started many years ago with
an invitation to drink ayahuasca
by a fellow podcaster.
>>NOORY: I've never done that.
I'm not sure I will.
It kind of scares me.
>>DACHINGER: I understand.
Yeah, George, because I was
scared too, and I thought,
that's doing drugs, and
I will never do that.
And--
>>NOORY: I'm afraid it'll
give me heart palpitations
or something like that.
>>DACHINGER: It won't do
that because it's a plant.
It is a natural, organic
drink, so to speak.
So it is actually
a plant and a vine.
They're very specific.
>>NOORY: It's thick
too, isn't it?
>>DACHINGER: It is.
>>NOORY: It's liquid form.
>>DACHINGER: It can be
very interesting to drink.
>>NOORY: Like syrup.
>>DACHINGER: Yes.
And they're mixed together.
They're cooked a bit.
And it becomes this
psychedelic psychoactive drink.
>>NOORY: What did it do to you?
>>DACHINGER: Well,
the first time
I had a beautiful experience,
I didn't understand
all of what was happening.
And several months
later, I went back.
I went out of country.
And I did four nights back
to back, drinking ayahuasca.
>>NOORY: Four nights?
>>DACHINGER: Four nights.
>>NOORY: You drinker, you.
>>DACHINGER: [CHUCKLES]
I dove very deep.
And that's the thing about me,
I can be an open-minded skeptic.
But when I feel the
energy of a yes,
that something is right for
me, I deep dive into it.
And when I drank it, I had
many beautiful experiences.
I saw sacred geometry.
I understood past lives.
I was being communicated with.
I had one pattern that occurred
starting with the first night.
And that's when the divine
came to me and said,
Debbi, you're a healer, you're a
priestess, and you're a shaman.
And I began to argue.
And I said, I am not.
I don't even identify--
>>NOORY: And they said you were?
>>DACHINGER: Yeah.
>>NOORY: How long does it take
for the ayahuasca to kick in?
>>DACHINGER: About 30 minutes.
>>NOORY: All right.
And how much do
you need to ingest?
>>DACHINGER: Everybody
is different.
You start in different ways.
I mean--
>>NOORY: Not that
I'm going to try it.
>>DACHINGER: [CHUCKLES]
But just in case.
>>NOORY: No, no, no.
>>DACHINGER:
[CHUCKLES] You know,
you usually start with one cup.
But the shaman will
check in with you
to understand who you
are, what size you are,
how much you might need.
A really good shaman knows
how much to give you.
And then throughout
the experience, maybe
a couple of hours in, you
might desire another cup.
And I certainly have done that.
Like with yahe, I ended
up having three cups.
It was just a big experience.
>>NOORY: Can you overdose on it?
>>DACHINGER: I don't
think you can overdose
on something natural like that.
And hopefully,
anyone who's doing it
has a really good
shaman with them.
So should anything
go awry, there's
somebody there to
guide you back.
>>NOORY: Now, you became
a believer in ETs.
>>DACHINGER: Mm-hmm.
>>NOORY: What got
you to believe that?
>>DACHINGER: Yeah, because
of the ayahuasca situation
and because of the divine
expressing these adjectives
to me, I went home and I had
a friend who does past life
regressions--
>>NOORY: OK.
>>DACHINGER: --offered
me some regression
so I could better understand
what was happening.
I did one session and I saw
myself as a male shaman,
and it was a very beautiful
life, very peaceful,
very connected with everything.
We did another session, and I
saw myself as a 7 foot being.
I was a Mayan priestess and I
was the leader of my people.
And I spent the day-- it was
probably an hour under hypnosis,
but I spent what felt like the
entire day with this amazing
being so different than me.
And she was creating things
in a way I'd never seen.
And before I left,
George, I asked her
how she did what she did, where
these abilities came from.
And she raised her finger
and said telepathically,
I'm not from here.
I'm from another galaxy.
And so all of these
misgivings that I
had and eye rolls about
extraterrestrials,
I suddenly was like,
[GASPS] I have been one.
>>NOORY: And you accepted this?
>>DACHINGER: 100%.
It was so real.
>>NOORY: Debbi, we have an
image of a UFO that you saw.
Why don't you tell us about it?
And where were you
when you saw this?
>>DACHINGER: So I've
had many experiences
with spacecraft and,
specifically, this one
that you're looking at,
this was in Arizona.
And on this particular night,
we were on sacred ground
doing contact work.
And I was taking pictures
without the flash,
so holding the
camera very still.
And I caught some
significant things
later on that I
saw in the camera,
and this was one of them.
This was very unexpected
because I was looking out,
and it was perfectly black.
>>NOORY: How did it disappear
once it got out of your sight?
>>DACHINGER: I would say that
every spacecraft I've seen--
and I've seen many now--
they are gone.
>>NOORY: They blink on and off.
>>DACHINGER: That's right.
They're there to
be seen and then--
>>NOORY: So that didn't zoom off
over the horizon or anything?
>>DACHINGER: No.
>>NOORY: Very
strange-looking object.
>>DACHINGER: Mm-hmm, I've seen
a lot of strange-looking objects
in my time.
This was beautiful
because I felt that when
I started believing,
really knowing
the truth about
extraterrestrials and UFOs,
that we're not the
only kids on the block,
that there is an entire--
>>NOORY: We never have been.
>>DACHINGER: And
never have been.
And that was so new for me.
And when I accepted that,
I wholeheartedly did,
there was no resistance,
but there was a lot
of hunger for information.
And I felt that all these
benevolent extraterrestrials
were there to help me in very
gentle ways, such as the picture
we just saw and other times that
I had experiences with them.
So I've had very
positive experiences.
>>NOORY: Debbi, why
does there still
seem to be a resistance
to the acknowledgment
that the ETs are out there?
>>DACHINGER: I have so much
compassion for that because I
was that person, right?
>>NOORY: You were a skeptic?
>>DACHINGER: I was
such a skeptic.
And so I have compassion
for people like that.
I also feel that right now,
more than ever in our history,
people are waking up,
people are remembering.
A lot of people are
coming online and knowing
the truth about this.
That gives me a lot of hope.
>>NOORY: You went to the World
Conference of Ufology in Mexico.
>>DACHINGER: Yes.
>>NOORY: What did
you learn there?
>>DACHINGER: Wow.
Well, I was one
of the presenters,
and it was phenomenal.
I presented specifically on
shamanism and extraterrestrials
and how they all intersect.
I was fortunate
enough to also be
on a panel with
some great experts
that we know and participate
in UFO disclosure conversation.
And I heard some people speak
who talked about experiences
they had had being
rescued, saved,
healed by extraterrestrials,
relationships they have.
I love this.
I love this conversation.
Very heartening.
>>NOORY: When do you think we'll
make official contact with ETs?
>>DACHINGER: Yes.
>>NOORY: Official contact.
>>DACHINGER: Exactly,
open, undeniable contact
with extraterrestrial beings.
>>NOORY: Publicly.
>>DACHINGER: Publicly.
>>NOORY: When will this happen?
>>DACHINGER: The consensus
right now is a timeline sometime
by the end of 2026.
And the beginning--
>>NOORY: It's not too far.
>>DACHINGER: That's very soon.
It's imminent upon us.
And early 2027, yes.
So it is exciting.
And some of it depends
upon our timeline.
As you know, there is multiple
dimensions and timelines
going on.
But if we, as humanity, can
start to somewhat get it
together, then that will
accelerate the timeline
and allow them--
they've been watching
us for a very long time,
and they know what's
happening here.
They would never
intercept, right?
Their protocol is to
uplift and assist humanity,
and that's their mission.
So until and unless it
is that, which is soon
because of the waking up, the
coming back online, then we'll
be ready for this.
>>NOORY: Debbi, you brought
some photographic evidence
of past ET contacts.
That's amazing.
>>DACHINGER: So we have been
visited since the beginning
of time by extraterrestrials.
It is ancient.
This particular cave
painting-- and you can see
the extraterrestrials--
>>NOORY: Who did this?
>>DACHINGER: --clearly.
This is over 100,000 years old,
so the primitive people of that
time drew this because they
were having relationship with
the aliens at that time.
>>NOORY: That long ago?
>>DACHINGER: Yes.
There's proof
throughout history of--
>>NOORY: Look at the detail.
>>DACHINGER: It's
amazing, isn't it?
>>NOORY: There's the
alien in the middle.
>>DACHINGER: Mm-hmm.
And if you look, you
can see several heads.
And there's even
Egyptian pictures
where they carved into
the stone spacecraft.
So the Egyptians,
the ancient Egyptians
were also seeing spacecraft.
Yes, here it is.
Perfect.
>>NOORY: That's the
one from Abydos?
>>DACHINGER: Mm-hmm.
And it's--
>>NOORY: It's clearly
a helicopter, clearly.
You see that in the upper left?
>>DACHINGER: Correct.
And different,
almost a submarine--
>>NOORY: There's a saucer--
there's a submarine up there.
There's a saucer.
>>DACHINGER: Mm-hmm.
>>NOORY: It could also
look like a yacht.
[BOTH CHUCKLING]
And how old is that, Abydos?
It's thousands of--
>>DACHINGER: Hundreds
of thousands of years.
Yeah, tens and hundreds
of thousands of years old.
There has been proof throughout
history of all of this.
The Egyptians, the Sumerians,
the Assyrians, the Babylonians,
the Native Americans,
they all left behind clues
that they have been contacted,
that they had relations
with those from space,
from the cosmos,
that these are truly our
brothers and sisters.
>>NOORY: What do the other
symbols represent, Debbi?
Do you know?
>>DACHINGER: No, I don't know.
I really, initially, was
looking for the proof of history
of all of these
different connections
that extraterrestrials and
different species, by the way,
had had with various people,
Earth people throughout history
and in different countries.
And I was fascinated
by how much I found
and all the different countries.
>>NOORY: It is fascinating.
How long do you think ETs have
been visiting good old planet
Earth?
>>DACHINGER: Oh, absolutely
since the beginning of time.
I think we're also a soup.
We're not just a DNA
of quote unquote,
"human genetic material."
They're really our
brothers and sisters.
They're our family.
>>NOORY: Deeply our family.
>>DACHINGER: They are
deeply our family.
We are genetically
related with them.
>>NOORY: They may
have seeded us.
>>DACHINGER: They
did seed us 100%.
>>NOORY: Are you
familiar with the work
of Zecharia Sitchin, the late?
>>DACHINGER: No, no, I'm not.
>>NOORY: All right.
He claims that an ET
race came to this planet,
>>DACHINGER: Mm-hmm.
>>NOORY: --the Anunnaki.
>>DACHINGER: That's correct.
>>NOORY: Seeded whatever was
on this life form of Earth.
And we became who they are.
>>DACHINGER: Mm-hmm.
>>NOORY: And they needed
us to be workers--
>>DACHINGER: Yes.
>>NOORY: --to mine
for gold, which
they sprinkled as gold
dust in their atmosphere
to preserve their atmosphere.
>>DACHINGER: Mm-hmm
>>NOORY: It's an amazing story.
>>DACHINGER: That's
450,000 years ago.
The Anunnaki were having the
catastrophe on their planet
and they noticed that
Earth was habitable.
It had mining.
And specifically in Africa,
there was gold to be found.
>>NOORY: And it had the
beings, whatever we might have
been before we are who we are.
>>DACHINGER: Yeah, we
were 12 strand DNA beings.
And because they needed
labor to do the mining,
they made some adjustments to
our DNA down to a two strand.
And of course, we are
a planet of choice,
of will, our own will.
And so it actually was
them interfering and not
a correct thing to do,
but it also created us
into being Homo sapiens.
And then there were other
races that came and helped us.
And the reason why they
helped us, George, is we
started to not live as long.
Longevity was an issue.
Women were dying in childbirth
after this alteration
of the DNA.
And indeed, we were starting
to have physical problems.
And so the benevolent races
who knew this and were helping
to assist us, they came
and, that was specifically
donated genetic material
from the felines,
from the reptilians, from
the avian, the bird people,
and the high level dimensional
light beings of Lyra.
>>NOORY: Fascinating.
>>DACHINGER: Yeah,
thankfully, to them.
>>NOORY: Governments
lately claim
to be doing as much as
they can to disclose.
I'm not sure they are.
>>DACHINGER: Mm.
>>NOORY: But what are your
thoughts on all these hearings
and things like that?
>>DACHINGER: Yeah, I
follow all of that,
and it's very interesting
what's happening.
And my feeling is that
the whistleblowers are
going to get louder and
louder, and they're not
going to kowtow now to what
the government's been doing.
>>NOORY: They feel secure
doing what they do.
>>DACHINGER: That's right.
I think they realize they
have a lot of support
from the public more and
more, and we want so much
to hear the truth.
So whistleblowers are
becoming more brave.
I was recently speaking
with Nick Pope and--
>>NOORY: Good guy.
>>DACHINGER: Phenomenal,
phenomenal man,
very articulate man.
And he definitely predicts
that the whistleblowers
are going to come forth
even more than before.
>>NOORY: It's almost as if
the floodgates have opened up.
>>DACHINGER: We are
remembering, right?
We are coming back online and
the extraterrestrials are aware.
And this is why they say it is
imminent the timeline for us
to have this open,
undeniable contact.
>>NOORY: You mentioned shamans.
What exactly is a shaman,
and where do they come from?
>>DACHINGER: I
love that question
so much because it's
really misunderstood,
and especially today in the
world of ayahuasca and people
sitting with people who
claim to be shamans.
You know, a shaman is not
an easy thing to come by.
It's a very difficult path.
The inception of shamanism
is 2.5 million years ago
in the Paleolithic time.
>>NOORY: It's a long time ago.
>>DACHINGER: Yeah,
and they were women.
The women were the first
shamans, the first medicine
people, the first oracles.
They mended bones,
they fixed herbs,
and they transcended
this reality
to go into another
reality to heal people.
And they were brilliant.
And then years later, men
wanted to learn the same.
And so they taught themselves
how to go into trance.
And that's why today,
especially in Siberia, you
will see that shamans are
often dressed like women.
>>NOORY: Were they tuned
into extraterrestrials?
>>DACHINGER: 100%,
always have been
since the beginning of time.
You know, the Hopis talk about
their Pleiadian relations
and the Zuni elders talk about--
with their
grandparents, how they
were connected to those
from space and the cosmos.
I think what's really
little understood
about shamanism is one
doesn't wake up and say,
I'm going to be a shaman.
A shaman is chosen, chosen by
community, chosen by spirit
and by the ancestors.
And it's a tough road.
They have to endure.
>>NOORY: It is.
>>DACHINGER: Some kind of
transitional experience,
namely a mental crisis or
a near-death experience.
Some of them are
struck by lightning.
And some of them go
into a psychic trance,
and they are met face to face
with a fierce animal that
eats and dismembers them.
>>NOORY: Ew.
>>DACHINGER: And
then that animal
will blow them back
into being with gifts
and becomes their tutor
and their protector.
>>NOORY: That's interesting.
Now what about the contact with
ETs by using ayahuasca and plant
medicine?
>>DACHINGER: Well, I know--
it hasn't happened
to me, but I do
know that for many people
who drink ayahuasca,
they absolutely get visited
by extraterrestrials.
And they're often visited
by the mantis people
if they need some
kind of healing,
and the mantis will
come and facilitate
some kind of physical
healing for them.
I've seen it.
I've seen it happen,
and it's miraculous.
As far as shaman connection
with extraterrestrials,
it's really about--
this conversation wouldn't
happen with a shaman
because this is part of
their everyday world.
They're connected with the
sacred mountains and the rivers
and the skies, Pachamama, Gaia,
the Earth, and also the cosmos,
and all our star
brothers and sisters.
So this is ongoing
relations with them.
They live in this world and
also the non-ordinary realms.
>>NOORY: Do they have,
like, an herbalist
making this plant medicine?
>>DACHINGER: What's
really interesting,
George, is that ayahuasca was
discovered by the shamans.
And imagine going
through the Amazon
where there's tens of
thousands of plants.
How would you pick out
this vine and that plant
and know to mix them together--
>>NOORY: And know that it works.
>>DACHINGER: Exactly.
>>NOORY: Trial and error?
>>DACHINGER: No, because the
Achuar people of the Amazonian
region have said it was
the extraterrestrials who
guided them.
Now, just to be fair,
there are other sectors
of shamans around the world who
say that the plants told them.
But both make so much
sense because shamans
are connected to everything, in
conversation with everything.
>>NOORY: Well, you interviewed
a shaman, Oscar Miro-Quesada--
>>DACHINGER: Yes.
>>NOORY: About plant medicine
and the shamans' role
in journey.
>>DACHINGER: Does doing that
always necessitate ingesting
something?
And I can use the words
ayahuasca and yahe and San
Pedro, you know, huachuma, and
there's so much more out there,
peyote.
Does it always include
something like that?
Or can it be done just by
virtue of some of the rituals
that you do?
>>OSCAR MIRO-QUESADA:
I see, that's
what you were referring
to by ingesting.
No.
Our plant sacraments
are an integral part
of the shamanic phenomenon
around the world.
Yet, many cultures do not
use any plant sacraments
or any type of catalysts
to expand consciousness.
On the contrary, just through
ascetic practices and drumming
and shamanic journeys and
fastings and pilgrimages
to sacred sites and isolated
periods of dreaming,
of inner work, you can attain
the same type of contact,
not only with
alternative realities,
but with the denizens,
with the inhabitants,
with the spirit
helpers and animal
allies that are part of these
worlds, these inner worlds,
the imaginal, the
archetypal worlds.
In my actual situation,
I was initiated
into the camasca
curandero tradition that
involves the ingestion of San
Pedro cactus or trichocereus
pachanoi.
And I see all plant sacraments
such as that, ayahuasca, peyote,
psilocybin, any
entheogen that is now
popular and even
clinically being approved
to treat a whole variety of
psychopathological issues
to be keys to a door,
not the door itself.
And that when you
use them, they must
be used with reverence
and in a manner that
has a foundation
that is traditional,
that has been sanctioned
since ancestral
times by a tribal nation or
representatives of an indigenous
people that understand
that these are not
things to play with, that
are not recreational.
They truly are sacraments,
that they are spiritual food,
as they say, food for the gods.
Therefore, it does not require
ingesting any type of plant
to enter into a shamanic
state of consciousness.
We are born in a shamanic
If we just think of what
it's like to be floating
in the amniotic universe
in our mother's womb,
what more expanded
state of consciousness,
shamanically speaking, is that?
So therefore, we have come in
as amplified shamanic adepts.
We just forget it over time
because of social conditioning.
>>NOORY: He makes a lot
of sense, doesn't he?
>>DACHINGER: He is the most
amazing being, he truly is.
He's doing such great work,
Don Oscar, on this planet.
And exactly what he
said, it's really
meant to be treated with
reverence and it's so important.
All the wisdom's
inside of us are ready.
It's just been forgotten.
>>NOORY: Are you a shaman?
>>DACHINGER: I call myself
a shamanic practitioner.
Shamans never call
themselves shaman.
And I--
>>NOORY: Why not.
>>DACHINGER: It's not humble
and it's part of the lineage
that they don't do that ever.
And so, yes, I call myself
a shamanic practitioner
or an energy healer,
any of those things.
And I, although, well
certified and working
with groups and people,
I'm still on the path.
I'll be working
with Don Oscar soon.
I'm working right now
with Puma Fredy Quispe.
I'm very passionate
about this work.
>>NOORY: You are.
It seems like you are.
>>DACHINGER: I love it, yes.
>>NOORY: What about the
Inca prophecy, Debbi?
What is that?
>>DACHINGER: There is a prophecy
that comes down from high
on the Andes, and it is
called the Pachacuti.
>>NOORY: Pachakuti.
>>DACHINGER: Pachacuti.
And pacha, of course, you've
heard the word Pachamama,
like Earth, but pacha
also means time,
and cuti means
setting things right.
So it's taking a very chaotic
experience and making it right.
And it happens every 500 years.
We are definitely in a Pachacuti
right now where a lot of people
are experiencing
chaos and having
very particular experiences.
But it's like--
>>NOORY: It's everywhere.
>>DACHINGER: It needs
to go a little crazy
until it's set right.
And the Pachacuti is
calling all of us.
It's calling every single
being to harmony, to peace,
to treating others with
kindness and reverence,
to treating the Earth, the good
Earth who houses us and feeds us
all the time.
The four legged, the two legged,
the many legged, the no legged,
the fin, the furred,
the winged ones.
She is our home, and
to start recognizing
who she is, the sky, that
there is peace with everything,
the cosmos, the earth,
the mountains, the rivers
and each other.
It is the time for Pachacuti.
So like a snow
globe, if you will,
that gets shaken upside
down, that's a bit where
we are so that for the Pachacuti
we can right ourselves.
>>NOORY: Why don't the
ETs step in and help
us a little more directly?
>>DACHINGER: Oh, it's
such a good question.
And you know, they never will.
They just never will.
I think the only thing
they've ever done
is to stop something
nuclear happening.
And I'm sure many of your
listeners and viewers
have heard about
that, where there's
been incidents
where somebody was
close to pressing the
button on a nuclear warhead
and all of a sudden,
spacecraft appeared above
and the nuclear
warhead got dismantled.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>DACHINGER: Yeah, because
the repercussion goes way out.
It's way beyond Earth.
It goes way out into the cosmos.
But outside of that,
I mean, they're
really allowing us
to find our way.
Again, we have our own will.
We have our own choice.
But they will be stepping
in, but more to invite us
into the galactic community.
>>NOORY: We have a
video of you, Debbi,
sharing an experience as
a shamanic practitioner
at a ceremony.
>>DACHINGER: OK, beautiful.
--and our foreheads connect.
And into is streaming
energy, feeling
all of the shamanic
lineage coming through me,
heavenly blessings
for you and your path,
that you make all right
choices, total mountain top
where help will come.
And now I pull
forward your crown
and I blow the Starkeeper Rites
into the crown of your head.
[BLOWS]
[WHISTLES]
And I ring with my
fingers, not to alarm you,
but for you to surrender
to this experience.
And while you remain here
in the Starkeepers Rites,
allowing this energy
to go through you,
I ask you to allow a great deal
of love to emit from your heart.
Just let the light pour
out gold and white light,
filling your body of
love and calm and peace.
And then take that love
light energy and allow it
to fill up this room.
Thank you.
And then take that
energy and fill up
all of Mexico City and Mexico
with your love, with your light.
And take that
light and spread it
all over the entire
world, deep into Mother
Earth, pachuamama, madre
tierra, deep up into the skies.
And send love right now,
awareness, consciousness,
and gratitude for the
beautiful cosmic brothers
and sisters, star
brothers and beings who
know of us and of this moment.
And allow this world
to settle back inside
of you, knowing that
you're initiated
and you can choose
the moment you
open your eyes to live from
a future self version of you,
a future healed version
of you, a knowing,
kinder version of you.
>>NOORY: Well, you look like
you're having fun there.
>>DACHINGER: Oh,
it's so beautiful
to be able to do this for
people and help people
to uplevel, awaken, connect
with their real selves.
That's called the Mosoq Carpay,
the Rites of the Time to Come.
And yeah, this is part
of the Munay-Ki, Rites,
which are really rites of love.
And there's several of them.
This particular
one allows people
to move into their future
self, their evolved self,
so that they can start
to operate from that.
And it's very powerful to
watch people come out of this
and be so different.
>>NOORY: Does that energize
you when you do that?
>>DACHINGER: Yeah, it
fills me with a lot of joy
to be able to facilitate
all of these rights
and all of these processes.
It feels very familiar to me.
>>NOORY: Can you do that without
the plant medicine involvement?
>>DACHINGER: Oh, yes,
that was definitely--
what we just saw was
not with plant medicine.
>>NOORY: That was you?
>>DACHINGER: Oh, absolutely.
And I wouldn't do shamanic
practice during a ceremony,
ever.
Yeah, I--
>>NOORY: Why not?
>>DACHINGER: I would
distinguish them
because everybody is on
their own healing journey.
They have their own experience.
And everybody-- it's amazing
when you sit in an integration
circle after drinking
ayahuasca, and you sit there
with, let's say,
20 other people.
And you go around,
and everybody gets
to share a little bit
about their experience.
And it's phenomenal.
You cannot imagine you all drank
the same thing and everybody had
such a significantly
different experience.
But that experience
was for them.
My experience was for me.
I got what I needed.
>>NOORY: Are they all
tuned in to each other
when they're on ayahuasca?
>>DACHINGER: I do feel
like there's a synergy that
goes on, without a doubt.
There is--
>>NOORY: Telepathic?
>>DACHINGER: Well, I think
the group comes together
for great reason.
And we're all, even though we're
on our individual journeys,
we're holding space
for one another.
We're inviting in
something greater than us.
It's a fascinating experience.
It makes you feel very close
with people in the room.
>>NOORY: We've got an image
of Edgar Cayce's quote.
>>DACHINGER: Mm-hmm
>>NOORY: Edgar Casey, of
course, was the sleeping
American prophet.
Let's take a look at this quote
and you tell us what it is.
Read it to us, Debbi.
>>DACHINGER: Yes, Edgar Cayce
said, "the people of the Earth
shall meet the people
of the universe.
As we approach the Golden age,
the veils shall be removed
and the people of the Earth
shall become aware of the people
of the universe."
>>NOORY: Hear, hear, right?
>>DACHINGER: Edgar
Cayce died in 1945,
so this prediction, if
you will, the clairvoyant
said this, at least, 80
years before you and I are
sitting here today.
He predicted that we would
have open, undeniable contact
with extraterrestrials.
He knew that this was upon us.
>>NOORY: How did he know.
>>DACHINGER: Well,
he was a clairvoyant.
He was phenomenal, what he
could access, the information.
>>NOORY: And he did
it in a trance state.
>>DACHINGER: And
he-- yes, exactly.
>>NOORY: Based on
your experiences,
where do we go from here?
What happens?
>>DACHINGER: Hmm.
Well, there are
several things that
would be great if
people would be aware
of because all transformation
that will align us
with the timeline so that we
can meet our benevolent star
brothers and sisters, we
can have open contact.
It really is incumbent on us.
And it's not a powerless thing.
We're actually
greatly empowered.
One of the things we
can do is live in ayni.
Ayni is a catchall word.
And specifically, it means
to be in right relationship
or for you today,
for me tomorrow.
So when we live in ayni,
in right relationship
with all things
and all situations,
all people, then
we create Munay.
And more than saving,
this planet needs loving.
More than saving, our
people need loving.
So love-- great equalizer.
Or one can ask in
any situation that
may feel a little difficult,
what would love do here?
Make that choice.
People can also align
with shamanic practices,
work with somebody.
I do group experiences,
private experiences,
and they are life changing.
And they're-- I used to work
with this beautiful shaman
in my town, this Peruvian woman.
And she would always say to me,
Debbi, these seem so simple,
but the result is so profound.
And I found that over the course
of working with her for seven
months, my life was changing
drastically, perfectly.
And so people can
start to get involved
with situations like that.
>>NOORY: How can people become
more shamanic in their approach
to life?
>>DACHINGER: To
understand, we are
part of the interconnectedness
of all of life.
That includes our star
brothers and sisters.
So when they finally
come to see us,
it's going to be those who
look the most like us first,
and we have the most
genetic material with.
>>NOORY: Oh, we believe
they have come to see us.
>>DACHINGER: Right, in
an open, undeniable way.
>>NOORY: You mean, publicly?
>>DACHINGER: Yes, publicly.
It will probably be the
Pleiadians first and then maybe
the hybrids, like the Yahyel.
And after that,
possibly the Sassani.
And so to understand these
are our brothers and sisters
and family, I think
also to prepare
to understand that a
transformation needs
to take place.
Part of the Pachacuti is
moving from the masculine
to the feminine.
And I think everyone can
agree the divine feminine is
on the rise.
The divine feminine
is needed right now.
And so when that balance starts
to occur and we go from our head
to our heart, often the
longest walk for most people,
this is where the healing
is going to take place,
is from the heart.
This is also where
extraterrestrials look for.
People can use this in
contact work, come from love,
come from heart,
and they'll probably
see that the contact
even increases.
>>NOORY: How do you
connect with them--
>>DACHINGER: You know--
>>NOORY: --without
the plant medicine?
>>DACHINGER: Oh,
yeah, absolutely.
So for me, two different ways.
The first way, I'm very
fortunate in the work
I do as a podcaster.
I get to interview people who
channel extraterrestrials.
>>NOORY: And how
often do you podcast?
>>DACHINGER: I podcast
once and twice a week.
>>NOORY: OK, that's
pretty intense.
>>DACHINGER: I've been
doing it for 17 years.
>>NOORY: Good for you.
>>DACHINGER: It is my great joy.
It is a master class.
And I've got a very curious
mind, so it really works for me.
And when I interview
these people who channel
extraterrestrials, George,
I have found over the years,
because many of them come
back to the show a lot,
I've developed a
relationship, certainly
with the people who are there.
>>NOORY: Of course, yeah.
>>DACHINGER: But then with
the extraterrestrial beings,
I have profound friendships and
great love for these beings who
come through and I feel
like have ushered me
into this experience
and conversation.
And more recently,
I've had dreams
where I've been visited
by extraterrestrials.
>>NOORY: What do they want?
>>DACHINGER: You know,
they have really been there
to heal me and love me.
I had one dream
where I was sitting
and I was surrounded
by these light beings.
They felt a bit hooded and they
were incredibly benevolent,
incredibly aware of me.
And it was one of those
dreams, like a flying dream
that I woke up from.
And I thought, I want to
have that again and again,
that deep connection.
They may have been my star
family or one of the many
that I have.
But I've had several of them
where I've been visited.
>>NOORY: Flying dreams
are fun, aren't they?
>>DACHINGER: Oh, I had them so
much as a kid, and I loved them.
I'll tell you an
interesting story.
This beautiful
woman from Amsterdam
who channels one of the Yayhel.
>>NOORY: And what
are the Yahyels?
>>DACHINGER: Yes.
>>NOORY: What are they?
>>DACHINGER: Yahyels
are hybrid beings.
And they are part
human and part--
>>NOORY: From a
dimension or planet?
>>DACHINGER: Where
are the Yahyels from?
I'm not really sure
what their planet is.
>>NOORY: Physical though?
>>DACHINGER: Yes.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>DACHINGER:
Definitely physical.
Very beautiful creatures.
Very, very beautiful
men and women.
>>NOORY: They look like you.
They look like us.
>>DACHINGER: Thank you.
They do.
They have a lot of
features like us.
Maybe their eyes
are a little bigger
and their nose are
just a little tinier,
but they're a very
attractive race.
>>NOORY: Definitely
don't look like me then.
>>DACHINGER: Yeah.
[CHUCKLES] And they're
so phenomenal, George.
I was in conversation
with this being
and asking all these questions.
And probably much like you when
you're talking to somebody,
I had this feeling,
like, this wonderment.
And I asked this being,
are your people aware
that you are having a
conversation with me?
Do you go back and
report and tell them--
>>NOORY: Is it
sanctioned or what?
>>DACHINGER: Right.
Or do you report to somebody?
I was really curious.
And the woman who was channeling
looked over her shoulder
while she was channeling
and came back to me
and said, oh, yes,
they're aware of you.
In fact, there's
an entire stadium--
in Earth terms, you might
call that a football stadium--
of the Yahyels.
They're engaged in
this conversation
and cheering right now,
sending their hellos.
It was so emotional for me to
even think that they knew of me.
>>NOORY: They're on your side--
>>DACHINGER: And
what I was doing
and that they were
promoting this benevolence.
And another time when I was in
a conversation with Daryl Anka,
I was asking him
something similar.
And as you know,
Daryl doesn't channel
while he's being interviewed.
And Daryl has been on my
show many, many times.
And Daryl--
>>NOORY: Related to the
singer Paul Anka, by the way.
>>DACHINGER: Yes, he is.
>>NOORY: They're cousins.
>>DACHINGER: Isn't that amazing?
>>NOORY: Yeah.
We've got a tape of Daryl--
>>DACHINGER: OK.
>>NOORY: --talking about
how he channels Bashar.
>>DACHINGER: Beautiful.
When last I got
together with you,
we had this conversation
about when will
first undeniable contact occur?
And it's been four or
five months since I
spoke to you about that.
And I know a lot is changing
rapidly in the Earth.
What is the latest on that?
What are-- are there new
predictions or senses
about when that will happen?
>>DARYL ANKA: No,
there's still the idea
that the general window of
contact is sometime between now
and maybe 2033 or 2040, although
relatively recently, Bashar did
say that there
may be an over 90%
probability of some
kind of major UFO event
at the end of 2026 or
the beginning of '27 that
would be strong enough to start
changing our understanding
that they exist.
So he's not really
forthcoming yet
about why that happens, how
it happens, where it happens,
exactly what it is
that's going to happen.
But he's basically
saying something about
that event will allow us
to know we're not alone.
This is the beginning
of a new cycle
that he's now going to focus
on the idea of preparing us
for contact in a
variety of new ways
that he is called the
interstellar alliance
social experiment.
This is the year of contact
or it is the countdown
to contact year one.
So there's going to
be a series of things
he's going to start delivering
to people that are very
different than what he's done
before that actually, I believe,
if I understand his concept,
will call upon us to start
taking certain actions,
physical actions in our lives
that would allow us to be
more vibrationally aligned
with becoming a member of
the interstellar alliance
that he belongs to.
So he has said this is
going to be very different.
He has said, not
everyone necessarily
needs to do it if they don't
want to because, I guess,
the suggestions
he's going to make
might be challenging
for some people
because they might not, let's
say, be typical in our society.
He's not talking about breaking
any laws or anything like that,
but he's talking
about taking actions
that may allow people
to really start
acting a little differently
and being engaged with society
in a very different way.
>>NOORY: He's an
interesting guy, isn't he?
>>DACHINGER: I love him, yeah.
>>NOORY: What do you think
of what he just said?
>>DACHINGER: I think
it is so exciting.
I think it is phenomenal.
And one of the things
that Daryl said--
not this actually
conversation, but one prior--
he was expressing that what he
does with me and you and what
these other people who channel,
especially extraterrestrials,
do, this is considered
first wave contact.
So through people like you,
through people like me,
through our platforms,
we are getting--
we are allowing the
extraterrestrials
to have a voice out there
to start to be known.
And so that is the first step.
Of course, then Daryl
and other people
who do this amazing
channeling in front of groups,
that's another venue.
And then, yes, what
he said, this incident
coming up 2026, 2027, I
want to be alive for this.
I want to be around for
open, undeniable contact.
I'm ready to connect with them.
I'm ready to be
ushered in and stop
being the new kids
on the block and have
all that advanced
information and exchange
relationship and wisdom and
technology for the good.
>>NOORY: Sounds like.
Darryl does it "my way," right?
>>DACHINGER: [CHUCKLES]
>>NOORY: That's what his
cousin wrote that song
for Frank Sinatra, right?
>>DACHINGER: Yes.
>>NOORY: Has science looked at a
connection between ETs, humans?
And is there a strange DNA
pattern or anything like that?
>>DACHINGER: Perfect.
Yeah, we covered some of
that with the Anunnaki.
And then going further,
yes, Francis Crick,
who discovered DNA and also
won a Nobel Prize for his work,
was looking at DNA and said,
because of Earth's evolution,
it's impossible for this DNA
to be strictly from humanity--
>>NOORY: From-- earthbound.
>>DACHINGER: That is right.
That it was clearly showed
complex interference
from other cosmos
and cosmos relations.
And also, they've often called
this a grand experiment here
on Earth, what has created
Homo sapiens, originally
the Anunnaki, and then
the other benevolent
races that came in to donate
their genetic material to us.
>>NOORY: You think ETs
will listen to this show,
will watch this
program when it's
beamed out into the
atmosphere and go right on,
Debbi, right on?
>>DACHINGER: From your
mouth to God's ears,
I would love nothing more
than that, if they knew,
if they blessed us
for doing this work,
if they thanked all
those watching us,
and if they really created the
best possible experience when
they do connect with
us openly, undeniably
so that we can encourage
more and more benevolent
connection with
extraterrestrials.
I, for one, am ready for it.
>>NOORY: What's
your next project?
>>DACHINGER: Mm,
the next project,
well, I'm speaking
in Glastonbury.
I'm speaking on a
spiritual cruise.
I am offering these
shamanic group experiences
all around the world on Zoom.
And I'm continuing my studies
as well as my podcast.
Happiest places I can be.
>>NOORY: How do people
get a hold of you, Debbi?
>>DACHINGER: My website is
great, debbidachinger.com.
And you can find me on all
social media, same platforms.
>>NOORY: Great.
Thanks for being
on "Beyond Belief."
>>DACHINGER: Thank you
so much for having me.
>>NOORY: Isn't it
amazing to have someone
with shamanic influence
that Debbi has,
being able to do
things for humanity?
We need, like, a million of
them, like you running around.
What a planet we would have.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]